Opened in 2002, Greencare is a family owned and operated interiorscape company located in Houston, TX. We service commercial and residential customers, selling or leasing a beautiful selection of indoor plants and containers, as well as providing professional weekly maintenance. 
Our focus on service in a friendly and professional manner is the reason for our success.
We have 2 centrally located facilities: our retail store at 4819 Blossom St. open Monday to Saturday 10 to 6 and our office/warehouse at 5221 Center St. between Durham and TC Jester.
For more information on our indoor plant maintenance and family businesses, please visit: greencaretx.com and JardinDeFranceTX.com  
Our Online Store and Services
We realize how difficult it can be to find premium interior plants in traditional stores and nurseries here in Houston. Often times the quality is lacking, plants are sitting in the heat for sometimes too long, they are not always properly maintained by the stores and you end up with a product that you may not realize is already past its prime time. 
Selection is also a challenge. To find the specific plants you have in mind can require driving around town and you may not always come back successful.
This is the reason we have decided to open our online nursery. You get the convenience, the selection and our great service. All that from the comfort of your home or office.
Our principal activity requires us to order plants from around the country on a weekly basis. As a result we already have or can quickly get the plants you are looking for and you can be assured of their quality and freshness.
Because of our existing relationship with a number of the best growers in the country, we can feature any and all of the commercially grown indoor plants.
Another important service we provide is the delivery and installation of your plants in your home or your office. Plants are fragile and can be bulky and heavy. We are professionals, we know how to handle them and how to set them up so they are properly installed and easier to care for.
This is a free service inside the Houston 610 Loop with a purchase of $99.